PD-643: Add support for 2.6 Intree Multitenancy Support (#949)
portworx/pxdocs: content/portworx-install-with-kubernetes/operate-and-maintain-on-kubernetes/authorization/manage.md

---

## Creating volumes
Portwox authorization provides a method of protection for creating volumes
through Kubernetes. PVCs must refer to a StorageClass which point to the
Kubernetes Secret containing the token for the user.

> For more information please see [Securing your Portworx system](/cloud-references/security/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to the [Securing your Portworx system](/cloud-references/security/) article of the Portworx documentation.
```
